Week 2 (2022-02-28 to 2022-03-06)
===

* Read [History of Interactive Theorem Proving](https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~jrh13/papers/joerg.pdf)
* Completed the parser:
  * Missing predefined operators and constants
  * Parsing and reconstruction of proofs, including subproofs; the only limitation is the proof step reconstruction module
    which is not always able to reconstruct some types of steps (those related to instantiation)
* Allowed high level proof steps to encapsulate low level ones
* Improved the tactics API, fixed bugs in the reconstruction
* Pull request [#3](https://github.com/epfl-lara/lisa/pull/3) to LISA
* Discussion about the goals and opinionated views regarding the future "front":
  * The representation as proof goals is good; moreover we would like the goals to exactly represent a sequent,
    that means allowing multiple right formulas as well. We can of course still enforce theorems to have exactly one right formula,
    and even hide the fact that this feature exists outside of tactics.
  * There would be three principal tactics:
    * Simplification -- The framework contains a set of inference rules that allows it to transform a goal into a
      "simpler" representation. For instance by eliminating double negations and tautologies. The rules should be extendable
      by third party users, but they should make sure not to introduce rules that can cause cycles.
    * Force -- We should have one or several procedures that can attempt to solve a goal (e.g. tableaux). The result is binary
      (either it succeeds and the goal is proven, or it fails).
    * Of -- Transform an existing theorem into a local object that can be used in the same way as a theorem. The transformation
      can be for example the instantiation of a schema.
  * These tactics should work independently of the kernel. Namely, while in proof mode they may use the kernel but do not
    need to. It's only when they are explicitly asked to reconstruct the kernel proof at the end that they should be able
    to do so. The reconstruction is not systematic, and this is the reason why the front should not be trusted. That said,
    it is still a strong requirement for the front to be able to reconstruct any proof it outputs.
  * Tactics should be composable. The precise details on how this should be made possible are to be studied in this thesis.
    The "cut" rule might be of use here since it allows one to construct proofs "backwards".
  * The front should eventually define its own formula/term datatypes for convenience:
    * Simplify the imports (no need to import `KernelHelpers` anymore)
    * Make it possible to redefine `toString` on these classes; this might serve later for interactive worksheets/notebooks
    * Function/predicate application can enforce the arity through the typechecker
